KEEP IT MOVING, FELLAS.
KEEP IT MOVING.
BOOSTER PACKS GO THERE,
STARTER DECKS GO THERE.
HUH?
LET'S GO! THIS ISN'T
BREAK TIME!
MOVE IT, MOVE IT, MOVE IT!
THERE IT IS--THE SCOOP
OF A LIFETIME!
DUEL ACADEMY.
NOW LET'S GO AND SEE
WHAT KIND OF DIRT I CAN DIG UP
ON THE STORY THAT'LL
MAKE ME MY FORTUNE!
HA HA!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
ARE YOU OUT
OF YOUR MIND?
THE SCHOOL DUEL
BETWEEN DUEL ACADEMY
AND NORTH ACADEMY IS
THE BIGGEST MATCH
OF THE YEAR!
WE CAN TAKE
NO CHANCES!
SO IT'S CLEAR THAT ZANE
MUST BE OUR REP!
ZANE IS OUR
BEST, BUT HE'S A
THIRD-YEAR STUDENT.
NORTH ACADEMY IS
USING A FIRST-YEAR.
WHY WOULD THEY
DO THAT?
WHO KNOWS?
BUT IN THE SPIRIT
OF COMPETITION,
I THINK WE SHOULD
USE A FIRST-YEAR
STUDENT, AS WELL.
YOU UNDERSTAND,
DON'T YOU, ZANE?
OF COURSE, CHANCELLOR.
Chancellor: HA HA!
WELL, THEN
THE ONLY QUESTION IS WHO
THIS FIRST YEAR WILL BE.
JADEN YUKI.
AAH!
I AGREE. JADEN IS
OUR BEST NEW STUDENT.
DON'T YOU THINK?
[CAT PURRS]
OH, WELL, IF
THE CAT SAYS SO.
CHANCELLOR, JADEN
WILL MAKE DUEL ACADEMY
PROUD. TRUST ME.
WELL, THEN
THAT'S THAT
UNLESS SOMEONE HAS
A BETTER IDEA.
Thinking: JADEN YUKI.
THAT SLIFER SLACKER!
EVERY TIME HE DOES WELL,
IT MAKES ME LOOK BAD!
THERE HAS GOT TO BE
SOMEONE ELSE!
WAIT. I HAVE IT.
BASTION MISAWA!
HE SHOULD REPRESENT US!
FROM RA YELLOW?
YES, HE'S FAR
MORE QUALIFIED.
HE TESTED HIGHER THAN
ANY OTHER FIRST-YEAR.
IT'S ONLY FAIR, CHANCELLOR.
WELL, HOW ABOUT
A DUEL OFF, THEN?
I GOTTA BLEND IN.
FOR REAL?!
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU WILL DUEL BASTION,
AND THE VICTOR
WILL REPRESENT
DUEL ACADEMY
IN THE SCHOOL DUEL
AGAINST NORTH ACADEMY.
I LOOK FORWARD
TO AN EXCITING MATCH!
ALL RIGHT, JADEN!
YOU MIGHT ACTUALLY BE
IN THE SCHOOL DUEL!
NO SLIFER'S
EVER BEEN THERE!
YOU'D MAKE
DUEL ACADEMY HISTORY!
CHUCKLES]
WELL, BASTION, I GUESS MAY
THE BEST MAN WIN, HUH?
BEST DECK.
AND I ASSURE YOU,
JADEN, THAT DECK
WILL BE MINE.
YOU SEE, I'VE BEEN
FORMULATING A NEW
SET OF CARDS
TO DEFEAT YOU
AND YOUR MONSTERS
EVER SINCE MY DUEL
WITH CHAZZ.
YOU SAID YOU WOULD!
SO IT'S FINISHED?
NOT YET. BUT IT
WILL BE, JADEN.
IT WILL BE SOON.
WELL, TILL THEN!
BASTION'S DESIGNED
A WHOLE DECK JUST
TO DUEL YOU WITH?
I DON'T KNOW
IF YOU SHOULD BE
REALLY
HONORED OR
REALLY SCARED!
WELL, GUYS!
GUESS WE'LL FIND OUT
WHEN WE THROW DOWN.
HEY, FELLOW DUELISTS,
WHAT'S SHAKIN'
AROUND HERE?
OUTTA THE WAY,
YOU SLIFER SLIME.
HUH?
BUT WAIT, I JUST--
YO, HOW ARE
THINGS?
BEAT IT, SLIFER SLUDGE.
WAIT!
MAN. WHY WON'T ANYONE
HERE TALK TO ME?
I DON'T REMEMBER
SEEING THAT GUY AROUND.
HE MUST BE NEW.
JAY?
HEY, WHAT'S UP?
[CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY]
YOU'RE OLD,
REALLY OLD!
HOW CAN YOU BE
A SLIFER?
[CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY]
I, UH...
HEY, IT'S COOL!
I MEAN, SO IT TOOK
YOU AWHILE TO GET
ACCEPTED HERE.
DON'T BE ASHAMED.
LET ME SHOW YOU
AROUND, OLD TIMER!
Syrus: WAIT UP!
Thinking: NOT RUNNING!
DEE-LISH!
YA BETTER HURRY UP
AND FINISH,
OR YOU WON'T
BE ABLE TO GET SECONDS!
UH, SECONDS?
MM!
OR THIRDS!
AND SOMETIMES
FOURTHS.
THEY WERE GONNA
INSTALL A GARBAGE
DISPOSAL,
BUT JADEN
SOLVED THAT PROBLEM.
I SEE. WELL, THEN...
Syrus: WHOA!
YOUR DECK'S
LOOKING GOOD, JADEN.
STILL I WONDER WHAT
KIND OF DECK BASTION'S
GOING TO HAVE.
DON'T KNOW,
BUT IT SOUNDS LIKE
HE PUT SOME MAJOR
TIME AND BRAIN JUICE
INTO IT.
NERVOUS?
NO WAY. I'M EXCITED!
THERE.
EXCITED?!
YEAH, FOR
A SWEET CHALLENGE!
MY CARDS ARE UP FOR IT!
YOU NEVER WORRY!
YEAH.
Thinking:
AND I'LL NEVER
GET MY STORY
BY HANGING
OUT WITH
THESE TWERPS.
SKYSCRAPER?
THE CARD THAT RUINED
DUELING FOR ME.
HEY! YOU COOL,
OLD TIMER?
STOP IT WITH THAT!
MY NAME IS GERARD!
Thinking: I TOLD
HIM MY REAL NAME!
COOL.
GERARD IT IS.
HEY, SKYSCRAPER!
YOU LIKE THAT CARD, TOO?
NO WAY. YOU'D
HAVE TO LIKE
DUELING FIRST.
Syrus: IF YOU DON'T
LIKE DUELING, WHAT
ARE YOU DOING HERE?
OH, WELL,
UH...I...
JUST MEAN
I DON'T LIKE IT
'CAUSE I'M NOT
GOOD AT IT.
SAME HERE. I MEAN,
IT'S NOT THAT I
DON'T LIKE DUELING.
IT'S JUST I'M NOT REALLY
ALL THAT GOOD AT IT.
BUT THAT'S CHANGING!
SURE IS!
YEAH, SEE, ONCE I STARTED
HANGING OUT WITH THESE GUYS,
I SAW HOW THEY DUELED,
AND IT TOTALLY
CHANGED MY LIFE!
[CHUCKLES]
THAT'S IT!
GERARD! MAYBE IF
YOU WATCH JADEN DUEL,
YOU'LL START TO LIKE
DUELING MORE LIKE CHUMLEY.
THE PERFECT MATCH
IS COMING UP, HIS
DUEL WITH BASTION!
SURE, WE'LL SEE.
Thinking: PLEASE.
I'M DONE WITH DUELING.
THESE KIDS SHOULD JUST
MIND THEIR OWN BUSINESS.
WAIT. SEEING
HOW THEY LIKE TO PRY,
MAYBE THEY CAN HELP ME
WITH MY STORY.
SO, YOU GUYS,
I WAS JUST
WONDERING,
DO YOU KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT A RUMOR
FLOATING AROUND
WHERE KIDS
HERE GO MISSING?
Jaden: DOES HE MEAN
THE ABANDONED DORM?
Thinking:
ABANDONED DORM?
YEAH. SEE, WE KIND OF
WANDERED INSIDE IT ONCE.
A VERY STRANGE PLACE.
BE AT PEACE, BROTHER,
WHEREVER YOU ARE.
TAKE CARE.
[RUSTLE]
WHY, HELLO THERE.
HI. UH, DO I KNOW YOU?
YEAH, I'VE SEEN YOU
AROUND. LOOK, I'VE
HEARD SOME STUDENTS
HAVE GONE
MISSING HERE.
YOU WOULDN'T,
HAPPEN TO KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT ANY
OF THEM, WOULD YA?
WHAT'S IT TO YOU,
PONY TAIL?
YA KNOW, I'M JUST
CURIOUS IS ALL.
YEAH, WELL, YOU
CAN STAY CURIOUS.
LISTEN, THOSE MISSING
STUDENTS AREN'T FOR
YOUR AMUSEMENT.
YOU OUGHT TO JUST MIND
YOUR OWN BUSINESS.
GOT IT?
OK, DON'T KNOW
WHAT HER PROBLEM IS,
BUT I KNOW THIS:
I'M NOT GIVING UP.
I'M GONNA GET
THIS STORY!
COUNTLESS EQUATIONS,
A MYRIAD OF THEOREMS,
YET STILL I HAVEN'T
QUITE SOLVED THE PROBLEM
THAT IS JADEN'S DECK.
AH, THE FLAME WINGMAN.
WHAT A SPECIMEN.
WHENEVER HE DESTROYS
A MONSTER,
THAT MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS ARE DEALT
TO ITS OWNER'S LIFE POINTS.
IN ORDER TO STOP HIM,
I MUST STOP BURSTINATRIX
AND AVIAN SO THEY CAN'T FUSE.
OF COURSE, EVEN IF I DO,
THERE'S STILL THE THUNDER GIANT.
HE CAN DESTROY A MONSTER WITH UP
TO 2,400 ATTACK POINTS
AS SOON AS HE'S SUMMONED.
TO STOP HIM, I'LL NEED
TO TAKE OUT SPARKMAN AND CLAYMAN
BEFORE THEY CAN FUSE.
THINK, BASTION. THINK.
I COULD ASSEMBLE MY DECK
TO COUNTER EACH OF THOSE
MONSTERS,
BUT THAT WOULD LEAVE
FAR TOO MUCH TO CHANCE.
THERE SIMPLY MUST BE A BETTER
WAY TO NEUTRALIZE THE THREAT,
SOME STRATEGY TO STOP
THOSE FUSION MONSTERS.
WAIT A MOMENT. THAT'S IT!
IT'S SO OBVIOUS!
JADEN YUKI, THE CODE
OF YOUR CARDS HAS
JUST BEEN CRACKED.
[CHUCKLING]
ALL RIGHT, GUYS!
GET YOUR EAT ON!
THIS STUFF'S SO GOOD!
THE HARD PART IS
REMEMBERIN' TO CHEW...
[MUFFLED]
BEFORE YA SWALLOW!
THAT EXPLAINS WHY WE'RE
MISSING SO MANY FORKS.
LOOK, JUST DON'T
STUFF YOURSELF.
WHAT'S YOUR PROB, SYRUS?
YOU'RE
BEING VERY
ANTI-LICIOUS.
MAYBE SO, BUT
IF JADEN'S GOING TO
WIN TODAY'S MATCH,
HE'S GOING TO NEED
TO BE A LEAN, MEAN,
DUELING MACHINE!
AFTER ALL, BASTION'S
BEEN TRAINING WEEKS
FOR THIS MATCH-UP!
YOU TRAINED, WHAT,
AN HOUR?
MORE LIKE HALF.
[CHUCKLES]
MINUS THE TIME
WE TOOK FOR
THAT FOOD RUN.
LOOK, SY, BASTION
HAS HIS WAY TO TRAIN,
AND I HAVE MINE!
YEAH, I GUESS
YOU'RE RIGHT.
BY THE WAY...
WHERE'D THAT GUY
GERARD GO?
I HAVEN'T
SEEN HIM.
DON'T KNOW, BUT HIS
LUNCH IS MINE!
IT'S TIME, DUELISTS,
TO FIND OUT...
WHO WILL REPRESENT
OUR MOST ILLUSTRIOUS ACADEMY
IN THE ANNUAL SCHOOL DUEL!
[CHEERING]
INTRODUCING FIRST
FROM THE RA DORM,
BASTION MISAWA!
[CHEERING]
AND THEN FROM SLIFER,
SOME KID.
[SILENCE]
HERE WE GO!
GOOD LUCK, PAL!
I APPRECIATE
THE SENTIMENT,
BUT WITH THE DECK
I'VE PREPARED,
I DON'T NEED LUCK.
YEAH, WE'LL
SEE ABOUT THAT!
GO, JADEN!
THIS IS WHAT YOU
TRAINED FOR...
OR DIDN'T.
IT'LL BE INSTINCTS
VERSUS INTELLIGENCE HERE.
I GUESS. WHO CARES?
HUH? ALEXIS?
OH. I MEAN, YEAH!
ALL RIGHT, WHILE EVERYONE'S
DISTRACTED WITH THIS DUEL,
I'LL BE ABLE TO GET
MORE DIRT ON THOSE
MISSING KIDS...
OR THIRDS!
AND GET THAT
OTHER KID, JADEN,
AND THIS DUEL
OF HIS OUT OF MY HEAD!
[LOW TONE]
NOW, WITHOUT ANY FURTHER ADO...
GET YOUR GAME ON!
Together: LET'S DUEL!
ALL RIGHT!
FIRST MOVE,
I SUMMON CARBONEDDON
IN DEFENSE MODE!
THAT'S ALL FOR NOW.
A BRAND-NEW DECK,
AND CARBONEDDON IS
ALL YOU CAN BUST OUT?
HEY, WHATEVER
WORKS FOR YA!
NOW I PLAY
BURSTINATRIX
IN ATTACK MODE!
HYAH!
Thinking: JUST ONE TURN
AND ALREADY JADEN HAS
HALF THE EQUATION
TO CREATE HIS
FAVORITE MONSTER,
THE FLAME WINGMAN.
OFF TO A GOOD START,
THERE.
YEAH, SURE AM!
AND I GOT NEWS FOR YA,
IT ONLY GETS BETTER!
BURSTINATRIX, ATTACK!
NEXT I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACE-DOWN
AND CALL IT A TURN.
YOU DON'T
WASTE ANY TIME.
I LIKE THAT.
Thinking: HERE IT IS,
THE ONE CARD THAT WILL
WIN ME THIS DUEL,
BUT FIRST...
Bastion: I'M GOING
TO SUMMON OXYGEDDON
IN ATTACK MODE!
[SCREAMS]
AND NOW, OXYGEDDON,
ATTACK!
[LAUGHS]
THINK AGAIN!
I GOT A TRAP.
HERO BARRIER!
WITH THIS CARD,
IF I HAVE
AN ELEMENTAL HERO
ON THE FIELD,
I CAN NEGATE
YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK ONCE!
SORRY, BASTION, BUT
BURSTINATRIX ISN'T
BUSTED JUST YET!
WELL-PLAYED, JADEN.
OF COURSE, I'D
EXPECT NO LESS.
Thinking: STILL, WHEN
I ACTIVATE THIS CARD,
IT WON'T MATTER
HOW WELL YOU PLAY.
I'LL GO AHEAD AND PLACE
THIS FACE-DOWN.
AND THAT'S ALL.
ALL RIGHT, THEN. I SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO SPARKMAN
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND I ACTIVATE
THE EQUIP SPELL
SPARK BLASTER
AND EQUIP IT
ON SPARKMAN!
NOW I CAN CHANGE
THE BATTLE MODE
OF ANY MONSTER
ON THE FIELD
AND THE ONE I HAVE SET
IN SPARKMAN'S SIGHTS
IS OXYGEDDON!
NOW HE HAS TO SWITCH
INTO DEFENSE MODE!
AND NOW
BURSTINATRIX
CAN TAKE HIM OUT.
GO, MAGMA COMET!
[YELLS]
WHOOPS! LOOKS
LIKE SOMEONE HAS FORGOTTEN
THEIR CHEMISTRY, NO?
SEE, FIRE AND OXYGEN,
THEY DON'T MIX, JADEN.
SO WHEN OXYGEDDON
IS DESTROYED IN BATTLE
BY A PYRO-TYPE MONSTER,
IT DOESN'T JUST TAKE
A TOLL ON MY LIFE POINTS,
BUT ON YOURS, AS WELL!
Jaden: SWEET MOVE.
YOUR MONSTER'S ABILITY
COST US BOTH THERE!
BUT I'D DO IT ALL
OVER AGAIN, KNOW WHY?
'CAUSE NOW YOUR FIELD
IS EMPTY, WHICH MEANS
MY SPARKMAN CAN
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
ZANE WAS RIGHT
ABOUT THAT BOY, HE'S
QUITE A DUELIST!
IT'S TRUE. WE TEACH
THOSE SLIFERS WELL
WHEN THEY DON'T
DITCH CLASS.
Thinking: WHY DID I OPEN
MY BIG MOUTH
AND NOMINATE BASTION
FOR THIS MATCH?!
HE'S GETTING CREAMED;
I'M GETTING HUMILIATED;
AND WORST OF ALL, JADEN IS
LOOKING BETTER THAN EVER!
HEY, SORRY THERE,
BASTION.
GUESS IT'S BACK
TO THE DRAWING BOARD
IF YOU WANNA
BEAT MY DECK!
NO, JADEN,
I THINK NOT.
YOU SEE, I'VE
ALREADY BEATEN IT.
NOW, IT'S SIMPLY
A MATTER OF SHOWING
ALL OF MY WORK.
Thinking:
AND A MATTER
OF GETTING JADEN
TO USE THE CARD
THAT WILL LET ME ENACT
MY MASTER PLAN.
Bastion: NOW THEN,
LET'S GET BACK INTO
THE FRAY, SHALL WE?
IT'S MY TURN.
AND I'M GOING
TO SUMMON HYDROGEDDON
IN ATTACK MODE!
NOW, HYDROGEDDON,
ATTACK BURSTINATRIX!
[GROWLS]
AAH!
NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE
HYDROGEDDON'S ABILITY!
YOU SEE, WHENEVER
HE DESTROYS A MONSTER
IN BATTLE,
IT ALLOWS ME TO SUMMON
ANOTHER HYDROGEDDON.
AND I HAPPEN TO HAVE ONE
RIGHT HERE IN MY DECK!
AND NOW I'LL PLAY
AN EQUIP SPELL
FROM MY HAND--
LIVING FOSSIL!
I CAN NOW SUMMON
ONE MONSTER FROM
MY GRAVEYARD
SO LONG AS I EQUIP
IT WITH THIS.
AND THE MONSTER I'LL
BRING BACK IS...
OXYGEDDON!
RISE AGAIN,
OLD FRIEND!
[OXYGEDDON YELLS]
OF COURSE,
FOSSIL LOWERS
HIS ATTACK POINTS
AND CANCELS
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY,
BUT IT'S WORTH IT.
YEAH, NOW HE'S GOT
THREE MONSTERS!
AND A STRANGE SMIRK.
NOW IT GETS GOOD.
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL
CARD---BONDING H2O!
SEE, JADEN, WHEN I
BOND TWO HYDROGEDDONS
AND ONE OXYGEDDON,
THEY DO THE EXACT
SAME THING
THAT TWO HYDROGEN
BONDED WITH
ONE OXYGEN DO.
THEY BECOME WATER,
OR IN THIS CASE
THE ALL-POWERFUL
WATER DRAGON!
[GROWLING]
THAT'S NOT GOOD.
INCREDIBLE.
WHERE'S
THE BATHROOM?
THAT'S ONE
IMPRESSIVE MONSTER.
YES, AND ONE
IMPRESSIVE MOVE.
MY, THIS WILL BE TOUGH.
I KNEW IT WAS A GOOD IDEA
FOR ME TO NOMINATE BASTION
FOR THIS MATCH!
[CHUCKLES]
HE'S LOOKING MAGNIFICENT;
I'M LOOKING BRILLIANT;
AND BEST OF ALL, JADEN LOOKS
LIKE A COMPLETE FOOL!
IT'S YOUR MOVE
NOW, JADEN.
Thinking: AND IF YOU PLAN
TO TAKE ON MY WATER DRAGON,
THERE'S ONLY ONE MOVE
YOU CAN MAKE.
AND IT'S THE ONE
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR.
HOW'S JADEN GOING
TO TAKE DOWN
THAT THING?
HIS SPARKMAN DOESN'T
HAVE NEARLY ENOUGH
ATTACK POINTS!
WELL, BASTION,
IT'S LIKE THEY
ALWAYS SAY,
WHEN THE GOIN' GETS
TOUGH, THE TOUGH
GET GOIN'!
SO HERE I GO! HA!
SWEET!
ALL RIGHT, YOU GOT
ONE OF YOUR BEST
MONSTERS OUT,
SO ALLOW ME
TO SUMMON ON UP
ONE OF MINE!
NOW I MAY NOT KNOW
AS MUCH CHEMISTRY
AS YOU DO, BUT I
CAN STILL MIX IT UP.
AVIAN AND BUBBLEMAN,
GET READY TO MERGE
WITH SPARKMAN
TO CREATE
THE ONE
AND ONLY ELEMENTAL
HERO--TEMPEST!
ALL RIGHTIE. FUSE!
I DON'T THINK
SO, JADEN.
HUH?
GO! TRAP CARD,
CURSED SEAL OF
THE FORBIDDEN SPELL!
NOW, BY DISCARDING ONE
SPELL CARD FROM MY HAND,
I CAN NEGATE
YOUR SPELL CARD
AND DESTROY IT!
AND YOU CAN NO LONGER USE
THE CARD THAT WAS
DESTROYED BY THIS EFFECT
FOR THE REMAINDER
OF THE DUEL.
WAIT. I CAN'T USE
POLYMERIZATION ANYMORE?
I'M AFRAID NOT,
WHICH ESSENTIALLY
MEANS YOU CAN'T USE
ANY OF YOUR FUSION
MONSTERS ANYMORE, EITHER.
NO FLAME WINGMAN,
NO THUNDER GIANT,
NONE OF THEM.
NO FUSIONS?!
BUT THAT'S HOW JADEN
WINS ALL HIS DUELS!
[CHUCKLES]
COMPUTE IT ANY
WHICH WAY YOU LIKE,
BUT THE ANSWER WILL
ALWAYS COME OUT THE SAME.
THIS DUEL'S OVER.
YOU CAN'T WIN.
[CROWD CHEERING]